hi guys today I'm gonna show you my
snake collection basically what I have
here is a three story rack on the first
floor I have two vision cages with my
ball pythons
I think the sleepy right now so far we
won't be able to see them and see them
in this video but I'll just show the
setup and this is the male right they're
sleeping inside and I have two female
right there in this cage
she's also sleeping
anyway those are 36 inch white pages by
28 inches deep and one of them is 18
inches high this one's 24 high it's very
basic setup you know Aspen water dish
type of hide boxes if you branches to
climb and I also have radiant heat
panels in both cages right there which
are controlled by Johnson thermostats
here's the view offer Johnson tell us
that you don't see one down on the
second floor here I have my large 632
vision cage with my bonus Python the
keys right there trying to come out
right now so let me give you a little
close-up of him yeah okay his it's a
very thick
there's a little close-up of him
okay let's pull him back
cause this would be difficult okay get
back in here
get back in here take you off later he's
9 feet 3 inches long and still go on
he's 3 years old absolutely great snake
nopales if you want so ever okay down on
the third floor I have my boss set up
this is his height right there with a
thermometer and everything is just a
cardboard box and he's like to sleep
outside the height during the day inside
the height at night
this is his water dish yeah there he is
right there if we can get a little
close-up of him he's in a 5/32 vision
cage this cage is five feet long by
three feet deep by 80 inches high and I
have a radiant heat pan also on top of
the cage there it is right there and get
a close-up of him
say hi to the camera
it's also a good thing absolutely no
promise with him very healthy and always
hungry
I always let them sniff my hand like
that you know me and they'll tell you
friend me whatsoever
okay and that's pretty much it
like I said this is of my setup and it
works very well for me I spend their
alien heat panels in the vision cages
it's probably one of the best apps you
can have very low maintenance and it's
good setup for the snakes and good good
setup for missions and I have to
maintain it very much just spot clean
once in a while and feed the snakes and
change the water dishes and that's it
alright hope you enjoyed this video and
please subscribe to my channel if you
find this type of videos interesting
take care